# Meeting Minutes

## Meeting One - 2nd February 2017
__Members Present:__ Ben Ashing, Lewis Allen, Charlie Howes, Constantinos Ioannou.

__Meeting Time:__ 10:00am - 10:30am.

__Events:__ 

- Introduced group members to eachother.
- Discussed how group is going to collaborate and communicate. Decided on Facebook Messenger.
- Arranged meeting for next week.
- Began to discuss requirements.
 
## Meeting Two - 6th February 2017
__Members Present:__ Charlie Howes, Constantinos Ioannou, Ben Ashing, Lewis Allen, Adam Howes.

__Meeting Time:__ 2:00pm - 3:00pm.

__Events:__

- Generated high-level requirements based off outline.
- Formed questions to ask client in upcoming interview.
- Discussed individual roles within the group.
- Commited current workings to GitHub repository. 

## Meeting Three - 9th February 2017
__Members Present:__ Ben Ashing, Charlie Howes, Constantinos Ioannou, Lewis Allen.

__Meeting Time:__ 10:30am - 11:00am

__Events:__

- Met with client regarding product.
- Recorded client and asked questions in order to form the basis for our requirements later.
- Formed a WhatsApp group as a back-up means of communication.
- Arranged next tutorial session.

## Meeting Four - 13th February 2017
__Members Present:__ Constantinos Ioannou, Charlie Howes, Adam Howes, Lewis Allen.

__Meeting Time:__ 2:00pm - 3:00pm

__Events:__

- Relistened to interview audio.
- Built requirements based off interview.
- Came up with functional requirements and decided on each group members focus.
- Decided to increase frequency of meetings.

## Meeting Five - 14th February 2017
__Members Present:__ Lewis Allen, Ben Ashing, Adam Howes

__Meeting Time:__ 3:00pm - 4:00pm

__Events:__

- Recieved feedback on current progress from tutor.
- Worked on restructuring requirements into better formatting.
- Refocused priorities for next group meeting.

## Meeting Six - 16th February 2017
__Members Present:__ Charlie Howes, Adam Howes, Ben Ashing, Lewis Allen

__Meeting Time:__ 3:00pm - 5:00pm

__Events:__

- Finalised initial gantt chart.
- Assigned group roles.
 - __Ben Ashing__ - Project Leader
 - __Charlie Howes__ - Technical Leader
 - __Lewis Allen__ - Quality Assurance
 - __Adam Howes__ - Configuration Manager
 - __Constantinos Ioannou__ - Process Leader
- Began to rework requirements.

## Meeting Seven - 20th February 2017
__Members Present:__ Constantinos Ioannou, Lewis Allen, Ben Ashing, Charlie Howes

__Meeting Time:__ 3:00pm - 5:00pm

__Events:__

- Sorted requirements
- Added onion model
- Started final LaTeX planning document.
- Reorganized information on GitHub

## Meeting Eight - 21st February 2017
__Members Present:__ Ben Ashing, Lewis Allen, Constantinos Ioannou, Charie Howes, Adam Howes

__Meeting Time:__ 3:00pm - 4:00pm

__Evemts:__

- Recieved feedback on current work.
- Reprioritized tasks.

## Meeting Nine - 23rd February 2017
__Members Present:__ Adam Howes, Ben Ashing, Lewis Allen

__Meeting Time:__ 3:00pm - 5:00pm

__Events:__

- Added names to Gantt Chart
- Discussed use case model.
- Minorly modified requirements.

## Meeting Ten - 27th February 2017
__Members Present:__ Lewis Allen, Ben Ashing, Constantinos Ioannou, Adam Howes, Charlie Howes

__Meeting Time:__ 2:00pm - 4:00pm

__Events:__

- Completed UML diagram
- Worked on class diagram.
- Worked on ERD.

## Meeting Eleven - 9th March 2017
__Members Present:__ Ben Ashing, Lewis Allen, Adam Howes, Constantinos Ioannou

__Meeting Time:__ 12:00pm-13:00pm and 15:00pm-17:00pm

__Events:__

- Recieved final feedback session from tutor.
- Distributed remaining work among group members.
- Discussed user specifications and wireframes.

## Meeting Twelve - 13th March 2017
__Members Present:__ Ben Ashing, Constantinos Ioannou, Lewis Allen

__Meeting Time:__ 14:00pm-16:00pm

__Events:__

- Communicated with all group members on final document.
- Organised GitHub repository
- Double-checked deliverables.
- Submitted document.
